README.md, before:

# My Carbon Footprint

## Raise awareness to prevent global warming :earth_americas:

We all know that we are slowly leading ourselves towards global warming, even though we don't intend to.  While we need
big solutions for this problem, the best way to actually combat a problem is to start with the most basic approach. And
this includes reducing our carbon footprint.

### What is carbon footprint? How does it relate to global warming?

A carbon footprint is the total amount of greenhouse gas emissions that are generated as a result of our actions. These
greenhouse gases are the reason that Sun's heat is trapped in the atmosphere causing warmer temperatures to sustain
life. However, we have been producing high carbon footprint lately and this trend contributes to a predicted
2&deg;C increase in global temperature.

### How do I know how much carbon footprint am I generating?
Don't worry, you don't need to stress yourself about killing the planet. You can help Mother Earth be calculating your
carbon footprint through a series of simple questions about the actions you perform in life with the help of **My Carbon
Footprint**.

**My Carbon Footprint** can help you:
- *calculate the carbon footprint* you are generating yearly, and
- *compare your actions* in a specific genre through data collected by other people, and
- *provide suggestions* as to where and how you can improve to reduce your carbon footprint.

### Usage and Impact

This application will be used by environmental activists to aid them in spreading awareness towards the consequences our
actions have on this planet, and even by curious fellow human beings. I believe this problem involves everyone so
everyone should be aware of their carbon footprint and become a part of solution by reporting their data, which can
help us better research and suggest possible ways to avoid global warming. <br />
As more and more people consent to providing their data to this app, we will be in a position to better estimate the
carbon footprint we are generating and help the users reduce their carbon footprint by narrowing their attention to a
specific genre of activities by comparing their data with others. This would tell them where they are unnecessarily 
generating greenhouse emissions.

### User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to calculate my carbon footprint.
- As a user, I want to be able to contribute my carbon footprint data to a data consisting of other people's footprints.
- As a user, I want to be able to find out the average footprint of other people, so I can compare my consumption of
resources to theirs.
- As a user, I want to be able to find out the carbon footprint I generate in different areas or categories.
- As a user, I want to be able to remove my contributions from the data of user footprints whenever I want.

Commit message:

Added save to file, load from file, and edit footprint data features

README.md, after:

# My Carbon Footprint

## Raise awareness to prevent global warming :earth_americas:

We all know that we are slowly leading ourselves towards global warming, even though we don't intend to.  While we need
big solutions for this problem, the best way to actually combat a problem is to start with the most basic approach. And
this includes reducing our carbon footprint.

### What is carbon footprint? How does it relate to global warming?

A carbon footprint is the total amount of greenhouse gas emissions that are generated as a result of our actions. These
greenhouse gases are the reason that Sun's heat is trapped in the atmosphere causing warmer temperatures to sustain
life. However, we have been producing high carbon footprint lately and this trend contributes to a predicted
2&deg;C increase in global temperature.

### How do I know how much carbon footprint am I generating?
Don't worry, you don't need to stress yourself about killing the planet. You can help Mother Earth be calculating your
carbon footprint through a series of simple questions about the actions you perform in life with the help of **My Carbon
Footprint**.

**My Carbon Footprint** can help you:
- *calculate the carbon footprint* you are generating yearly, and
- *compare your actions* in a specific genre through data collected by other people, and
- *provide suggestions* as to where and how you can improve to reduce your carbon footprint.

### Usage and Impact

This application will be used by environmental activists to aid them in spreading awareness towards the consequences our
actions have on this planet, and even by curious fellow human beings. I believe this problem involves everyone so
everyone should be aware of their carbon footprint and become a part of solution by reporting their data, which can
help us better research and suggest possible ways to avoid global warming. <br />
As more and more people consent to providing their data to this app, we will be in a position to better estimate the
carbon footprint we are generating and help the users reduce their carbon footprint by narrowing their attention to a
specific genre of activities by comparing their data with others. This would tell them where they are unnecessarily 
generating greenhouse emissions.

### User Stories
- As a user, I want to be able to calculate my carbon footprint.
- As a user, I want to be able to contribute my carbon footprint data to a data consisting of other people's footprints
  (if I so choose).
- As a user, I want to be able to manually edit my footprint values (if I so choose).
- As a user, I want to be able to save my footprint data to file (if I so choose).
- As a user, I want to be able to find out the average footprint of other people, so I can compare my consumption of
resources to theirs.
- As a user, I want to be able to find out the carbon footprint I generate in different areas or categories.
- As a user, I want to be able to load my footprint data from file  (if I so choose).
- As a user, I want to be able to remove my contributions from the data of user footprints whenever I want.
